[DOCS] Initial revision and reorg of "Create a Data Context" content for revised GX 1.0 ToC (#9938)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/core/set_up_a_gx_environment/_create_a_data_context/_cloud_data_context.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs'
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem'

import PrereqPythonInstallation from '../../_core_components/prerequisites/_python_installation.md'
import PrereqGxInstallation from '../../_core_components/prerequisites/_gx_installation.md'

## Prerequisites

- <PrereqPythonInstallation/>
- <PrereqGxInstallation/>
- A GX Cloud access token and organization ID set as environment variables. (See **Configure credentials** under [Create a Cloud Data Context](#create-a-cloud-data-context).)

## Create a Cloud Data Context

<Tabs queryString="cloud-tab">

<TabItem value="procedure" label="Procedure">

1. Run the following code to request a Cloud Data Context:

   ```python title='Python input' name="core/set_up_a_gx_environment/_create_a_data_context/cloud_data_context.py import great_expectations and get a context"
   ```

>    When you specify `mode='cloud'`, the `get_context()` method will use the **GX_CLOUD_ACCESS_TOKEN** and **GX_CLOUD_ORGANIZATION_ID** environment variables to connect to your GX Cloud account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When you specify `mode='cloud'`, the `get_context()` method uses the **GX_CLOUD_ACCESS_TOKEN** and **GX_CLOUD_ORGANIZATION_ID** environment variables to connect to your GX Cloud account.
```
![image](https://github.com/great-expectations/great_expectations/assets/104205257/b434ae3a-9de2-486f-8e47-3093ba44e1ce)

> 2. Optional. Run the following code to review the configuration of the Cloud Data Context you recieved:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Optional. Run the following code to review the Cloud Data Context configuration:
```

   ```python title="Python input" name="core/set_up_a_gx_environment/_create_a_data_context/cloud_data_context.py review returned Data Context"
   ```
   

>    The Data Context configuration, formatted as a Python dictionary, is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The Data Context configuration, formatted as a Python dictionary, appears.
```
